feat(source-hardcoded-records): add new source (#42434)
airbytehq/airbyte: docs/integrations/sources/hardcoded-records.md

# Hardcoded Records

## Sync overview

> The Sample Data (Hardcoded Records) source outputs sample data using the hardcoded .

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Sample Data (Hardcoded Records) source outputs sample data (same record over and over again, but very fast) and is intended to be used in performance testing.
```

### Output schema

This source will generate an "e-commerce-like" dataset with users, products, and purchases. Here's

> what is produced at a Postgres destination connected to this source:

Reviewer: Don't forget the schema (but ultimately I think it's fine to omit tbh).

Author: updated
